Automate OP Chain security reviews (#31)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry: README.md

[`op-chain-ops`]: https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/tree/develop/op-chain-ops
[`op-bindings`]: https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/tree/develop/op-bindings

> ## CheckSecuityConfigs
> 
> The `CheckSecuityConfigs.s.sol` script is used in CI to perform
> security checks of OP Chains registered in the `superchain`
> directory. At high level, it performs checks to ensure priviledges are
> properly granted to the right addresses. More specifically, it checks
> the following priviledge grants and role designations:

Reviewer: Just some typos
```suggestion
## CheckSecurityConfigs

The `CheckSecuityConfigs.s.sol` script is used in CI to perform
security checks of OP Chains registered in the `superchain`
directory. At high level, it performs checks to ensure privileges are
properly granted to the right addresses. More specifically, it checks
the following privilege grants and role designations:
```

      `OptimismMintableERC20FactoryProxy` specify the proxy admin
      addresses who can change their implementations.
   2. Address managers. For example, `ProxyAdmin` specifies the
      address manager it trusts to look up certain addresses by name.
   3. Contract owners. For example, many `Ownable` contracts use this
      role to specify the message senders allowed to make privileged
      calls.
2. Optimism privileged cross-contract calls:
   1. Trusted messengers. For example, `L1ERC721BridgeProxy` and
      `L1StandardBridgeProxy` specify the cross domain messenger
      address they trust with cross domain message sender information.
   2. Trusted bridges. For example,
      `OptimismMintableERC20FactoryProxy` specifies the L1 standard
      bridge it trusts to mint and burn tokens.
   3. Trusted portal. For example, `L1CrossDomainMessengerProxy`
      specifies the portal it trusts to deposit transactions and get
      L2 senders.
   4. Trusted oracles. For example, `OptimismPortalProxy` specifies
      the L2 oracle they trust with the L2 state root information.
   5. Trusted system config. For example, `OptimismPortalProxy`

>       specifies the system config they trust to get resouce config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      specifies the system config they trust to get resource config
```

>       from. TODO: add checks for the `ResourceMetering` contract.

Reviewer: Is this TODO tracked somewhere?
